[Episode 8: I Just Want to See You]
Want some black tea?
If you want bitter gourd,
you can buy it at the market.
Or do you want to draw a card first
before deciding whether to drink it?
Who are you?
I am...
a turtle who likes to befriend mermaids.
Have a seat, mermaid.
Want some candy?
You know, there are many
shooting stars here on Starry Islet.
You can make a wish.
Making a wish is like a trade.
When your wish comes true,
something else will...
I wonder how long the happiness gained
from making a wish can actually last.
You're really not having any?
Fine, forget it then.
You don't know what's good.
Thanks for visiting!
Bye-bye!
Your place is really wonderful.
Thank you.
Get home safely.
Bye-bye!
Chen Hao Wei...
I really miss you.
He's so handsome!
I've never seen anyone so handsome.
Okay, I'll go pay first.
Can I take a photo with you?
Sure.
- So handsome!
- Sure thing.
Hey, wait for me!
Thank you.
Was the food good? Good, okay.
Here's 30 dollars change.
- Okay.
- Come back again soon!
- Thanks, we definitely will!
- Thank you.
- Thank you!
- I want a photo too!
Wait for me!
Mom.
I'm off the clock.
Okay.
All right.
Her turn.
Hey, uh, you...
Li Wan Zhe.
Didn't you say you wanted to
improve employee benefits?
For our employee's birthday this year,
the boss is upping the ante.
What? Are you giving me a bonus?
Something like that.
I'll take the money for your bonus,
and we'll use it to buy...
Wagyu beef, how about that?
Iberico pork.
I'd rather have cherry duck.
Food again?
Hama-chan has already bought
so much good food lately.
I'm not interested in food.
I'm fine with eating whatever.
Are you sure?
Let me tell you,
you'll have a "9" in your lunar age next year.
You can't have a big celebration then.
So, if you miss this year,
you'll have to wait two more years.
I'm sure.
Anyway, as long as Hama-chan is here,
I get to eat a feast every day.
Every day feels like my birthday.
You're too much. I'm a widow.
Are you flaunting your love
in front of a widow?
When Dad was still alive,
didn't you two flaunt it every day too?
That's true.
Your dad and I had a long honeymoon.
It lasted until the day he passed away.
Wait, I want one, too.
- Hold on.
- Okay, our turn.
- Okay.
- Hurry, it's our turn.
- Hurry and take a photo for us.
- Careful!
Mom.
When you and Dad were together,
who confessed first?
No way.
He's already working at our place,
and you're still not officially dating?
I just haven't found the right time
to talk to him about it.
Besides, I don't know what to say.
Think? What's there to think about?
Just do it.
Do it? Do what?
Do I really have to teach you?
Come here. Let me teach you
some tricks on how to be a man.
Listen to me.
Good.
Go on.
You should get yourself drunk first.
And then...
Go on.
And then you...
But I have low alcohol tolerance.
Just go...
Hama-chan, thanks for your hard work.
- Thanks for the hard work.
- It's nothing.
Auntie, I have to be
on the main island tomorrow.
I'd like to take a day off.
Tomorrow? It's Wan Zhe's birthday.
- Aren't you coming?
- I am.
I'm only taking half a day off.
I'll make it back, all right?
On the last ferry.
Okay.
I need to scoop out the tapioca balls.
Hama-chan.
By the way,
if you're going to the main island,
stop by Matsumoto Kiyoshi and buy me
that Chocola BB Plus from Japan.
Why?
Because that's the Vitamin B supplement
Angela must take every day.
The small sugar-coated tablets
are easy to swallow and have no weird smell.
Most importantly, it has no weird smell.
It provides nutrients and keeps you energetic.
Otherwise, how can she be
the beauty of Starry Islet?
Besides, for busy people like us,
we need the vitality from BB Plus.
You won't be cute if you're tired.
Understood.
Go back to your work.
- The tapioca will get mushy.
- All right.
By the way, can you still
make it back tomorrow?
It's your birthday.
I'll definitely be there.
Did I say you had to be there?
Come or not, it's up to you.
Don't worry.
Okay, I got it.
Li Wan Zhe.
You're taking this hundred dollars?
You're becoming such a wimp.
And you're getting stingier.
Taking even a hundred dollars.
Mom, I'm going to help Hama-chan.
Go ahead.
I'm giving you two days off.
What?
Why is there so much money?
What's this address?
You want me to go to the main island?
Go find Chen Hao Wei.
Either talk things through with him,
or just bag him and bring him back.
Do you think I'm as stupid as you?
Ever since the day Hao Wei left,
you've been acting so strange.
When you saw him off at the pier,
that face of yours...
It looked as awful as if
you'd just come from a funeral.
Moping around like a crazy person every day.
That's such an exaggeration.
Don't be so mean.
No matter how mean I sound,
it's not as bad as your face, you know?
Young man, you really need to be careful.
You'll get sick if you keep this up.
Don't turn my inn into a haunted house.
Still laughing?
It's all Mr. Hua's fault.
He told me about you and Chen Hao Wei.
I even scolded him for being a busybody.
But now, I'm being a busybody, too.
Anyway, you have the money now.
You have the address and the ticket.
Now, let's see if you have the heart
to bring him back.
He Xiang Yong.
If he's anything like you,
I'll kick him to death.
Dudu, let's go. Time for bed.
This way! Where are you going?
Go to sleep. This way.
Let's go. Time for bed.
I said everything I could that day.
What on earth do I have to do
to make him believe me?
Hello, how can I help you?
I'm looking for He Xiang Yong.
I know he has already resigned.
But I still wanted to come and ask
if you have his contact information.
That might not be very convenient.
Are you...
Xi Xi!
The president will be back soon.
Please have a seat.
Xi Xi.
Do you recognize me?
Starry Islet.
You gave me a card before.
You're pretty late.
I know her.
Close your eyes.
Then count...
142857.
What caterpillars?
Do I?
Stop laughing.
Don't worry about how others see Chen Hao Wei.
Aren't you scared?
What's there to be afraid of?
Why are you shivering?
I'm cold from taking a cold shower.
Fine.
I'm just as pathetic as him.
Just as useless.
We can't do anything right.
Xiang Yong.
Have some candy.
Your favorite watermelon candy.
I finally found you.
I won't let go ever again.
He Xiang Yong.
Chen Hao Wei.
I am him.
I've liked you since ten years ago.
The one who loved you was always me.
You were the star of the school,
while I was an outcast.
I had the worst grades in school.
We skipped class together
and got caught by the teacher together.
You tutored me, and I taught you to draw.
You said I had the hands of Takehiko Inoue.
- I gave you the drawing for your birthday.
- Enough! That's enough!
Let me know when you're back.
- I'll come find you again.
- Bye.
I believe after he hears what you said,
he will definitely forgive you.
He'll also thank you.
In his life...
Although he often failed,
I think, at least in your heart,
he's still at the top of the list, right?
You clearly feel that I'm him, don't you?
Why don't you believe in yourself?
Chen Hao Wei.
Have we met somewhere before?
Nope, never.
Chen Hao Wei?
What a coincidence.
I just got back, too.
Well...
There are some things I want to tell you.
And I want to give this to you.
I didn't steal it.
In a way,
it really does belong to me.
I thought...
I'd let you look at what's inside.
Maybe these things
will help you remember something.
But don't feel pressured.
I know it's hard to believe,
but it really happened to me.
I...
I made a wish on a shooting star.
And when I woke up,
I was no longer myself.
Because I made a wish...
that I didn't want to be myself anymore.
What am I even saying?
I'm sorry.
I scared you that day.
Just think of what I said that day as a joke.
But...
what I told you at the harbor
that day was all true.
My feelings for you are real, too.
I really like you.
I really do.
Hao Wei.
Why?
Why didn't I believe in myself?
I should have believed you.
I should've...
I'm sorry.
I should have believed you.
He Xiang Yong.
Mr. Hamaguchi?
- Are you the buyer?
- Hello.
- You're buying the tickets online?
Yes.
Two VIP tickets for Quan Zuo Xun.
- Is it okay?
- Okay.
Check the money.
It's all there. I trust you.
- Is it okay?
- Yes.
- Go on, hurry up.
- Thank you.
Hey.
Xiao Tian.
Why do you keep smiling at me?
Excuse me.
We'll take care of the rest ourselves.
Okay, no problem.
Thank you.
Eat up.
I keep smiling...
because I'm so happy.
I think...
the fact that we met again
wasn't luck.
It wasn't a coincidence, either.
It's the result of all the years
I've spent longing for you.
This time,
I won't let things end like they did.
I'll definitely protect you.
Chen Hao Wei.
Close your eyes.
Okay.
I don't need you to protect me.
I'm not that weak anymore.
From now on,
we should always be happy.
Let's not have any more regrets.
Okay?
Mr. Hamaguchi.
Who are you?
Do you know you have to pay a toll
to pass through here?
I've never heard of that.
What are you doing? Let go!
Give it back!
Give me back my ticket!
Stop it!
Give me back my ticket, you jerk!
- You idiot!
- Stop it!
- They're fighting!
Stop it!
[Ladder Steps]
I hope he makes it.
Hello?
- Hey!
- Hey, where are you?
Hello?
Didn't you say you'd come tonight?
Wan Zhe.
What?
I'm sorry.
I can't make it back today.
Why?
Didn't you promise to celebrate my birthday?
Here, give me the phone. I'll talk to him.
Hurry up! Where on earth are you?
Give it to me.
Hello?
Hello, this is Chishi Police Station.
Are you a relative of Hamaguchi Aomi?
He needs to be bailed out.
- Happy birthday to you.
- Okay, I'll be right there.
Li Wan Zhe.
Where are you going, birthday boy?
Say something!
You know what?
I went to see Xi Xi.
After confirming you're He Xiang Yong,
I was going to rush to Starry Islet,
but I ran into you at the port.
My dad was even more extreme.
He gave me a stack of thousand-dollar bills
and two ferry tickets.
He told me to come to the main island,
bag you up, and bring you back.
Mr. He is really hilarious.
What time is it?
The last ferry is at eleven.
Hold this.
I'll go buy your ticket.
Chen Hao Wei.
I haven't been to the main island in a while.
I want to walk around a bit more.
Wait, then how are you going to get back?
Do you want me to leave that badly?
Don't you want to walk with me?
- That's not what I meant.
- I'm just teasing you.
Let's go buy the tickets.
If we're going to walk together,
let's stay with each other for a lifetime.
Um, I am...
He's my friend.
What on earth happened?
Why did you get into a fight?
Sir, please don't get worked up.
Well...
He's Japanese,
so his Chinese might not be very fluent.
What exactly happened? Tell the police.
Who started it?
I did.
Where's the guy he fought with?
We're checking the CCTV
to understand the situation.
I need to confirm your identity first.
Over here.
Thank you.
What the hell is going on?
Do you know it's my birthday today?
You promised to celebrate it with me.
Happy birthday.
What's this?
Didn't you want to see his concert?
So, you came to the main island just for this?
And you got into a fight for this too?
Because he tried to steal my tickets.
So, I was going to beat him to death.
Are you an idiot?
Am I really worth all this effort?
What is wrong with you?
If they had a knife, you'd be dead.
Do you realize that?
Li Wan Zhe.
What?
If I die like this,
you'll remember me for the rest of your life.
[Home is He-re]
Chen Hao Wei.
Wake up. Come on.
How did we get back yesterday?
- What are you talking about?
- Wake up.
Look at me.
Are you messing with me?
- Are you messing with me?
- You're the one messing with me.
What are you saying?
Zhong Xiao You, let me sleep a bit more.
Why did you call me Zhong Xiao You?
[Epilogue]
Do you recognize me?
Starry Islet.
You gave me a card before.
You're pretty late.
Did you already know that
I wouldn't understand your hints?
The end of science is metaphysics.
Your soul's memory already gave you the answer.
But you didn't believe it.
Right?
Does the name Zhong Xiao You sound familiar?
Sometimes, I feel like he is He Xiang Yong.
Frenzied and panicked emotions,
like a falling meteor.
So, he really is He Xiang Yong.
I wonder how long the happiness gained
from making a wish can actually last.
I might've revealed too much.
The wish is starting to backfire.
Time and space are starting to warp.
You were married?
If I were married,
you'd be the Eddie Peng of Starry Islet.
- Hama-chan.
- What?
- Where's your injury?
- What injury?
Does this have to do with
wishing on a shooting star?
How did you know I made a wish?
One day, the sea will bring you
the message it wants to tell you.